Consolidated security nav updates (#28737)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/_index.md

Bring speed and scale to your production security operations. Datadog Security delivers real-time threat detection, and continuous configuration audits across applications, hosts, containers, and cloud infrastructure. Coupled with the greater Datadog observability platform, Datadog Security brings unprecedented integration between security and operations aligned to your organization's shared goals.

> Datadog Security includes [Application Security](#application-security), [Cloud SIEM](#cloud-siem), and [Cloud Security](#cloud-security). To learn more, check out the [30-second Product Guided Tour][14].

Author: ```suggestion
Datadog Security includes [App and API Protection](#app-and-api-protection), [Cloud SIEM](#cloud-siem), and [Cloud Security](#cloud-security). To learn more, check out the [30-second Product Guided Tour][14].
```
